Trump got impeached over a phone call. Then they doctored evidence (bc they didn't have any real evidence) in his second fake impeachment of a CITIZEN. 🤣 Absolute silence for Biden with the never ending evidence of corruption.

Now there's evidence of Hunter hosting a meeting with his father and several foriegn leaders, meaning Biden lied about not speaking to his son on his business dealings. At the meeting was the Ukrainian company who was paying Hunter $88k/month during his father's VP position who coincidentally was overseeing corruption in the Middle East. This was the same company who was being investigated for corruption, but Biden withheld $1b in aid to Ukraine unless they fire the prosecutor investigating them, "well son of a bitch, he was fired" (Biden on video bragging about this). Also at the meeting was Russian billionaire who wired $3.5 million to one of Hunter's many shell companies. This shell company was also owned by his business partner who was convicted of fraud, and says he was the fall guy for Hunter. Not to mention the Bobulinski interview where he shows a mountain of evidence against Biden and his son, specifically "10% for the big guy."

“I have never spoken to my son about his overseas business dealings. I know Trump deserves to be investigated. He is violating every basic norm of a president. You should be asking him why is he on the phone with a foreign leader, trying to intimidate a foreign leader. You should be looking at Trump.”

Lol he clearly knows how easily fooled his voters are. Yeah, don't worry about Biden who's a career legacy politician who's done literally nothing his whole life... Worry about the guy who's never held office and created the best economy in recorded history.

Think liberals will care and show a single shred of equal treatment for all this evidence compared to a phone call? Nope. Must be another conspiracy theory with zero evidence, like Hunter Biden's laptop, kids in cages, police murdered during capitol riot, voter fraud, blah blah blah. Still waiting to see Trump's piss tape and his fraudulent taxes.

The #2 guy at CNN literally said they create fake stories to keep people in fear and sway elections. I mean come on man lol.

-----

Exactly. Their feelings get hurt when you point this out. The progressives don't want progress, they want segregation. They are promoting racism, and trying to separate people based on skin color. If anyone are Nazi, it's them. Look at Jewish people being attacked due to the conflict between Hamas and Isreal.

Then we have beauties like Ilman Omar and Tlaib praising Hamas. Probably behind these attacks on Jews. These people are supposed to represent the USA? Freedom of religion is a basic tenet of our country, and should be tolerated by all of us. Why does it hurt their feelings so much? Sad times.

-----
The lefts capacity to repeat lies is amazing. He never called covid a hoax, he called the way the media covered his response to covid a hoax.

Enjoy double masking since fauci isn't at all political and was telling people to wear two masks up until five seconds ago.

-----

Clown world.

I was walking outside and a guy in his early 20s was wearing a mask while walking his dog. Just him and his dog. This is a pretty quiet neighborhood that no one really drives through or walks through. He sees me on the same sidewalk as him and panickingly grabs his dog and runs across the street. I can't help but feel sorry for people who are consumed by fear porn.

-----

The crazy people are the ones that automatically assume anybody not wearing a mask is an "unvaccinated rascist Republican", this is in so many youtube comments it ain't even funny. I happen to be a vaccinated unrasist right leaning independent, everybody is different, except robotic bleeding heart liberals inciting division among the population, the brainwashers are themselves the brainwashed. I only got my shots to protect my elderly parents and to take back my freedom, i ain't going to judge anybody for not masking whether or not they got their shots. so people can look at me dirty all they want when I ain't wearing one, and any place that asks to see my card is losing my buissness for asking for my private medical info.

-----

Congrats on being a sane human being. At this point the only people who aren't vaccinated are the ones who are willing to take the risk no matter how small or how large. That should be their choice and everyone else should just respect that and live their own lives.

-----

Exactly, it's all about personal responsibility. The reason why I despise libs is because they are such sanctimonious pricks. "I'm an intelligent science believing democrat, republicans are dumb". They don't understand that their multitudes of "morals and decency" is a flaw not a virtue.

I really tried to find a middle ground with them but they are experts in everything.

They are tax experts, when they don't know how deductions work in real estate.

They are criminal experts, because the DA has magical powers and orange man is going down this time without any substantial evidence for the last 4 fucking years.

They are covid experts, when people are fully vaccinated yet they virtue signal about masks

They are business experts, when they haven't even ran a hotdog stand in their lives

They are political experts, entire midterm strategy is "hey drumpf is finished this time"

They are poll experts, barely won the EC by 40k votes during a recession and in once in a lifetime pandemic

They are policy experts, because Joe Biden has disposed many of his promises but if DeSantis runs, Florida man is similar to orange man hence Kamala is the choice

They are election experts, when they spent 3 years whining about Russia, Russia, Russia

They are moral experts, when their heroes are Michael Cohen and Lincoln Project

-----

It was a calculated descion. Ultimately I dont give a shit about the vaccine or the agenda behind it. I want to be welcomed back into my parents household and make them feel comfortable, fully aware it wont make an actual difference. The only thing I care about is having the proof of vaccination. If I made a mistake I already paid for it, I didnt get sick once during the pandemic, that changed the second i got the shot.

I intended to never get the shot unless backed into a corner. My back was up against the wall, there is no keeping a job or getting a new one in my area without the card now that we pushed to fully reopen 2 months early. I would rather live with being the sheep person that "conformed" than live on the streets.

